chore(header): impoved focus behaviour of megadropdown (#4625)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/blue-eyes-sip.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Improved keyboard navigation for `post-megadropdown` by auto-focusing first element when opened with Enter key and returning focus to trigger when closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved keyboard navigation for the `post-megadropdown` by focusing on the first element when it is opened with the Enter key and returning the focus to the trigger when it is closed.
```
